[Documentation][feature/otx] Add Object Detection Tutorial (#1469)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/get_started/quick_start.rst

with easy-to-understand pictures.

It can contain 1) model training 2) model evalaution 3) model inference 4) model export 5) model deploy

> 

Reviewer: Let's describe here in a list manner all otx CLI commands before going further.

##################################
Extra code that can be useful here
##################################

*********
Training
*********

> 1. ``otx train`` trains a model (a particular model template) on a dataset and saves results in two files:

Reviewer: Let's start with `otx find` command description. We need to show how to find templates, backbones. After that we can procced with other commands

                          Comma-separated paths to training data folders.
    --val-ann-files VAL_ANN_FILES
                          Comma-separated paths to validation annotation files.
    --val-data-roots VAL_DATA_ROOTS
                          Comma-separated paths to validation data folders.
    --unlabeled-data-roots UNLABELED_DATA_ROOTS
                          Comma-separated paths to unlabeled data folders
    --unlabeled-file-list UNLABELED_FILE_LIST
                          Comma-separated paths to unlabeled file list
    --load-weights LOAD_WEIGHTS
                          Load only weights from previously saved checkpoint
    --save-model-to SAVE_MODEL_TO
                          Location where trained model will be stored.
    --save-logs-to SAVE_LOGS_TO
                          Location where logs will be stored.
    --enable-hpo          Execute hyper parameters optimization (HPO) before training.
    --hpo-time-ratio HPO_TIME_RATIO
                          Expected ratio of total time to run HPO to time taken for full fine-tuning.

============================
Template-specific parameters
============================

> In order to tune training parameters such as batch size, learning rate, a various set of parameters can be updated via comand line.

Reviewer: I think we can describe here, that instead of the CLI command it is also possible to modify values in the source template file

  optional arguments:
    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    --learning_parameters.batch_size BATCH_SIZE
                          header: Batch size
                          type: INTEGER
                          default_value: 8
                          max_value: 512
                          min_value: 1
    --learning_parameters.learning_rate LEARNING_RATE
                          header: Learning rate
                          type: FLOAT
                          default_value: 0.004
                          max_value: 0.1
                          min_value: 1e-07
    --learning_parameters.learning_rate_warmup_iters LEARNING_RATE_WARMUP_ITERS
                          header: Number of iterations for learning rate warmup
                          type: INTEGER
                          default_value: 3
                          max_value: 10000
                          min_value: 0

    ...

***********
Validation
***********

1. ``otx eval`` runs evaluation of a trained model on a particular dataset.

> Eval function receives test annotation information and folder containig a model snapshot and label schema.

Reviewer: I think it doesn't receive a folder. It receives a model path and a folder where to save performance instead.

.. code-block::

  (detection) ...$ otx eval otx/algorithms/detection/configs/detection/mobilenetv2_atss/template.yaml --help
  usage: otx eval [-h] [--data DATA] --test-ann-files TEST_ANN_FILES --test-data-roots TEST_DATA_ROOTS --load-weights LOAD_WEIGHTS [--save-performance SAVE_PERFORMANCE] template {params} ...

  positional arguments:
    template
    {params}              sub-command help
      params              Hyper parameters defined in template file.

  optional arguments:
    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    --data DATA
    --test-ann-files TEST_ANN_FILES
                          Comma-separated paths to test annotation files.
    --test-data-roots TEST_DATA_ROOTS
                          Comma-separated paths to test data folders.
    --load-weights LOAD_WEIGHTS
                          Load only weights from previously saved checkpoint
    --save-performance SAVE_PERFORMANCE
                          Path to a json file where computed performance will be stored.

> The default metric measured is mAP and f1.

Reviewer: Please, avoid a task specific things in `quick start` guide. It supposed to be a task independed. Although I understand that we need to use concreate template to show 'help' command output.

.. code-block:: 

  (detection) ...$ otx eval otx/algorithms/detection/configs/detection/mobilenetv2_atss/template.yaml params --help
  usage: otx eval template params [-h] [--postprocessing.confidence_threshold CONFIDENCE_THRESHOLD] [--postprocessing.result_based_confidence_threshold RESULT_BASED_CONFIDENCE_THRESHOLD]
                                  [--nncf_optimization.enable_quantization ENABLE_QUANTIZATION] [--nncf_optimization.enable_pruning ENABLE_PRUNING]

  optional arguments:
    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    --postprocessing.confidence_threshold CONFIDENCE_THRESHOLD
                          header: Confidence threshold
                          type: FLOAT
                          default_value: 0.35
                          max_value: 1
                          min_value: 0
    --postprocessing.result_based_confidence_threshold RESULT_BASED_CONFIDENCE_THRESHOLD
                          header: Result based confidence threshold
                          type: BOOLEAN
                          default_value: True
    ...

*********
Export
*********

> 1. ``otx export`` exports a trained pth model to the OpenVINO format in order to efficiently run it on Intel hardware. Also, the resulting IR model is required to run POT optimization in section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. ``otx export`` exports a trained Pytorch ``.pth`` model to the OpenVINO™ Intermediate representation format in order to efficiently run it on Intel hardware. Also, the resulting IR model is required to run POT optimization in section below.
```

Also, consider to add a reference to OpenVino IR

> 2. The command below performs exporting to the trained model ``outputs/weights.pth`` in previous section and save exported model to the ``outputs/openvino/`` folder.

Reviewer 2: ... command performs exporting ... and saving / saves 
or what is the skeleton of the sentence?

.. code-block::

>   (detection) ...$ otx export otx/algorithms/detection/configs/detection/mobilenetv2_atss/template.yaml

Reviewer: Let's stick to the overall structure and avoid concreate examples here. `--help`  command would be a better choice.

                              --load-weights outputs/weights.pth
                              --save-model-to outputs/openvino/

*************
Optimization
*************

> 1. ``otx optimize`` optimizes a model using NNCF or POT depending on the model format.

Reviewer 2: Links to NNCF / POT?

> - NNCF optimization used for trained snapshots in a framework-specific format such as checkpoint (pth) file from Pytorch. It optimizes model during training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NNCF optimization used for trained snapshots in a framework-specific format such as checkpoint (.pth) file from Pytorch. It optimizes model performing training-aware quantization.
```

Reviewer 2: is used ? / actually it's called accuracy-aware

- POT optimization used for models exported in the OpenVINO IR format. It performs post-training optimization.

> 2. Command example for optimizing a PyTorch model (.pth) with OpenVINO NNCF.

Reviewer: As above - "--help" command will serve right

> 3. Command example for optimizing OpenVINO model (.xml) with OpenVINO POT:

Reviewer: Please, add to quick start all of the main functionality of the OTX. Along with train, eval, export, optimize - we have deploy and demonstration mode
